Lyndsay Jones
   Benefits Administrator | MBA Candidate 2018
Edward Rose & Sons Wayne State University Mike Ilitch School of Business Career Planning and Placement Office
Greater Detroit Area 407
407 connections
Send InMailExperience
Benefits Administrator
Company Name
Edward Rose & Sons
Dates Employed
Oct 2015   Present
Employment Duration
2 yrs
Location
Bloomfield Hills, Michigan
  Coordination and administration of all employee benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, LTD, STD, etc.)
  Reconcile monthly benefit premium billings using Microsoft Excel and other programs.
  Administer all 401(k) activity including initial account set up, loans, distributions and changes in employee's contributions.
  Administer background checks.
  Enter new hires, terminations and changes in Human Resource Information System.
  Coordinate FMLA leave and Leave of Absences.
  Facilitate New Hire Orientations.
Corporate Human Resources Manager
Company Name
Omni Health Care Management, Inc.
Dates Employed
Jul 2013   Oct 2015
Employment Duration
2 yrs 4 mos
Location
Farmington Hills, MI
  Improved the Human Resources Department by 200% increasing employee retention and departmental organization.
  Maintain field and office employee personnel and medical files for Michigan, Chicago and both Ohio branches of Omni Home Care, Inc. as well as contractor employee files.
  Explain company personnel policies, benefits, and procedures to employees and job applicants to establish expectations and processes.
  Generate weekly reports regarding paid time off, field employee credentials, equipment, employee turnover, birthdays and field employee visits per week.
  Process unemployment appeals and protests for previous employees ensuring appropriate facts are disclosed for the case.
  Request information from previous employers and personal references to determine applicants  employment eligibility.
  Hire employees and process hiring-related paperwork to ensure employee chart is complete.
  Schedule and conduct new hire orientation for field and office staff to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives and policies.
  Maintain and update human resources documents, such as organizational charts, employee handbooks (field & office) and new hire paperwork.
  Supervise Corporate Recruiters, relaying disciplines needed for specific areas in Michigan, Chicago and Ohio areas.
  Confer with upper management to develop and implement personnel policies and procedures as needed.
  Select qualified job applicants or refer them to upper management, making hiring recommendations when appropriate.
  Process background checks for new prospective employees ensuring they are able to work for a long term care facility.
  Represent Omni Home Care, Inc. at personnel-related hearings and investigations.
  Benefit administration for eligible full-time employees including Worker s Compensation, when needed.
Human Resources Intern
Company Name
Faurecia
Dates Employed
Jan 2013   Jul 2013
Employment Duration
7 mos
Location
Lansing
  Process, verify, and maintain personnel and medical related documentation, including staffing, recruitment, training, grievances, performance evaluations and employee leaves of absence to medical and personnel files to provide information for payroll and other uses.
  I-9 certification and re-certification to ensure employees are eligible to work in the U.S. & all supporting documents are valid.
  Create bi-monthly newsletter using MS Publisher to inform and engage employees.
  Prepare interview guide to assist interviewer with assessing a candidate s capabilities and determining if they re a good fit for the position.
  Design bulletin board to communicate with employees company benefits, policies and events.
  Prepare new hire packets to guarantee incoming employees receive proper paperwork and training documents to begin employment.
  Organize FES Appreciation Luncheon with higher management to thank employees for their hard work during yearly audit.
  Perform employee attendance audit to ensure all absences are accounted for and all attendance points are assessed correctly.
  Prepare offer letters for new hire candidates to outline rate of pay, orientation dates as well as next steps in hiring process.
  Design meeting mapping document using MS Excel to gauge exactly when and how often meetings occur.
  Assist with recruitment, screening, interviewing, hiring and orientation of new employees.
  Prepare necessary paperwork for personnel and medical files.
  Used social media to recruit perspective employees to open positions.
  Conduct application meeting with hiring candidates to review offer letter, hand out new hire packets and discuss next steps in hiring process.
  Shared responsibility with higher management in improving hiring process to ensure all employees are given proper information and training.
Office Assistant
Company Name
Eli Broad Graduate School of Management - MBA Program
Dates Employed
Jan 2011   May 2013
Employment Duration
2 yrs 5 mos
Location
East Lansing, MI
Duties include general office responsibilities, greeting visitors and fulfilling needs, conducting alumni database Linked-In search, modifying orientation handbook and schedule of courses booklet, building MS Excel data spreadsheet to provide curriculum information, create graduation agenda, create program booklet, organize paper materials into electronic operation manual, construct MS PowerPoint for academic program, file and retrieve Broad student records, and other special documents, record notation as well as design and modify documents in MS Windows and MS Outlook.
Human Resources Intern
Company Name
Detroit Department of Transporation
Dates Employed
Jun 2011   Aug 2011
Employment Duration
3 mos
Location
Detroit, MI
Perform specified assignments and work activities that are related to activities of the Detroit Department of Transportation (DDOT) Human Resources Department. Duties included assisting employees with filling out paperwork and forwarding it to the appropriate person (walk-ins and appointments), updating employee status tracking logs in MS Excel, answering/transferring calls, preparing employee 10 day letters and resignation documentation in MS Word, creating and maintaining employee personnel and medical files, faxing, coping, filing, and monitoring front office.
See more positions