Todd Thurman
   Senior Digital Communications Associate at The Heritage Foundation
The Heritage Foundation California State University, Northridge
Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+
500+ connections
Send InMailExperience
Senior Digital Communications Associate
Company Name
The Heritage Foundation
Dates Employed
Jun 2008   Present
Employment Duration
9 yrs 4 mos
  Manage The Heritage Foundation newsletters, including a daily email product sent to over 500,000 subscribers and a weekly email product sent to over 1 million people
o Responsible for choosing content
o Developed and executed tests and implemented results
  Coordinate meetings on Capitol Hill with high level staffers
o Host for weekly meetings with Communications Directors and Press Secretaries
o Established and maintained relationships with key Capitol Hill and Presidential campaign staffers
  Manage Heritage Facebook and Twitter pages
  Project Leader, Heritage Foundation Mobile App
  Contributor, The Daily Signal (The multimedia news site of the Heritage Foundation)
  Faculty Member, Leadership Institute

Digital Communications Associate, May 2010   February 2013
  Primary Editor, Heritage.org
o Responsible for daily changes to the home page headlines and chose content for the official website of The Heritage Foundation; which averages 800,000 to 1 million visitors per month.
  Contributor, Breitbart.com
  Developed a blogger list which Heritage research and analysis could be widely disseminated.
  Helped manage weekly blogger briefing at The Heritage Foundation.

Online Marketing Manager, June 2008   May 2010
  Coordinated online ad buys with high volume websites and third party vendors.
  Spoke at conferences around the country on the value of social media, including efforts to boost the Heritage Facebook page from 500 to 1,700,000 fans and Twitter account to 500,000 followers.
  Represented The Heritage Foundation in radio interviews.
Search Enhancement Associate
Company Name
Yahoo
Dates Employed
Oct 2006   Jun 2008
Employment Duration
1 yr 9 mos
Contributed to an internal pilot program to transform the way Yahoo! made client accounts more efficient that
dramatically shortened the turnaround time for advertisement approval.
Member of internal team in the New Account Configuration (NAC) to aid clients in advertising with Yahoo!.
Analyzed Online Signup (OLS) accounts by modifying title, description, and suggesting keywords for better
placement in Yahoo! Search results.
Managed work of employees outsourced to India to ensure a quality product.
Mentored new hires to implement the process, guidelines, shortcuts, and expectations of Yahoo!.
Worked as a temporary employee in 2005 and 2006 as a content review editor.
Search Enhancement associate
Company Name
Yahoo! Search Marketing
Dates Employed
Jan 2006   Jun 2008
Employment Duration
2 yrs 6 mos
  Contributed to an internal pilot program to transform the way Yahoo! made client accounts more efficient that dramatically shortened the turnaround time for advertisement approval.
  Member of internal team to aide clients in advertising with Yahoo!.
  Analyzed Online Signup (OLS) accounts by modifying title, description, and suggesting keywords for better placement in Yahoo! Search results.
  Managed work of employees outsourced to India to ensure a quality product.
  Mentored new hires to implement the process, guidelines, shortcuts, and expectations of Yahoo!.
Intern
Company Name
Citizens United
Dates Employed
Sep 2005   Dec 2005
Employment Duration
4 mos
Conducted research on Congressional voting, distributing the in-depth findings with clients.
Distributed the movie, Broken Promises: The United Nations at 60.