David Lobodinski
   Project Cost Controller at Stevens Engineers & Constructors
Stevens Engineers & Constructors Purdue University Calumet
Greater Chicago Area 236
236 connections
Send InMailExperience
Project Cost Controller
Company Name
Stevens Engineers & Constructors
Dates Employed
Nov 2015   Present
Employment Duration
1 yr 11 mos
Location
Hobart, Indiana
Invoicing and cost control for assigned projects.
Purchasing for all assigned projects, including purchase order and subcontracts.
Project set up and close out.
Update standard costs in the bill of materials.
Review standard and actual costs for inaccuracies.
Validate the cost of goods sold as part of month end close.
Accumulate and apply overhead costs as required by generally accepted accounting principles.
Work with the materials review board to locate and dispose of obsolete inventory.
Allocate labor hours, material and equipment into Arcelor Mittal TRACK program.
Project Accountant
Company Name
Morrison Construction Company
Dates Employed
Jul 2012   Nov 2015
Employment Duration
3 yrs 5 mos
Location
Northwest Indiana and Chicagoland Areas
Project cost accounting management.
Job payroll processing/management.
Job accounts payable/ vendor invoice processing.
Project billings and management.
Coordination between job site and Company Controller
Project administration and cost projection/analysis
Company ongoing project P/L Analysis
Business Marketing Service Assistant
Company Name
State Farm Insurance
Dates Employed
Aug 2011   Oct 2012
Employment Duration
1 yr 3 mos
Implement the agency's marketing plan and direct mail campaigns at direction of the agent.
Work from the agent's office to contact prospects and current policyholders to generate interests in business insurance financial review appointments.
Conduct needs based interviews in and outside of the agent's office supported by technology.
Meet marketing goals set by the agents.
Provide prompt, accurate, friendly, cost effective service and utilize it as a basis for establishing a marketing opportunity.
As directed by the agent, work with agent's computer system to update information in customer databases used by the agent.
Perform other related duties as assigned by the agent.
Flooring Specialist
Company Name
Home Depot
Dates Employed
Mar 2009   Aug 2011
Employment Duration
2 yrs 6 mos
Knowledgeable of all flooring products to ensure proper advice for customers
Exercise proper techniques for installation on all in-home flooring products
Follow up with each order to ensure the customer is completely satisfied
Received proper training in order to be an authorized user of all heavy equipment (reach truck, fork truck, and order picker)
Excelled in achieving over my individual assigned sales goals; successfully up sell
Sales Associate
Company Name
Best Buy
Dates Employed
Sep 2008   Mar 2009
Employment Duration
7 mos
Knowledgeable of home theatre equipment
Gave expert advice to customers based on individual preferences
Followed up with orders to ensure customers were satisfied with their purchases
See more positions