Shawnee O'Brien
   Training Coordinator at Wolff Bros. Supply, Inc.
Wolff Bros. Supply, Inc. Malone University
Medina, Ohio 149
149 connections
Send InMailExperience
Training Coordinator
Company Name
Wolff Bros. Supply, Inc.
Dates Employed
Nov 2014   Present
Employment Duration
2 yrs 11 mos
Location
Medina, OH
My responsibilities as Training Coordinator:

- assess training needs for new and existing employees
- identify internal and external training programs to address competency gaps
- partner with internal stakeholders regarding employee training needs
- organize, develop or source training programs to meet specific training needs
- liaise with subject matter experts regarding instructional design
develop training aids such as manuals and handbooks
- inform employees about training options
- map out training plans for individual employees
- present training programs using recognized training techniques and tools
- facilitate learning through a variety of delivery methods including classroom instruction, virtual training, on-the-job coaching
- design and apply assessment tools to measure training effectiveness
- track and report on training outcomes
- provide feedback to program participants and management
- evaluate and make recommendations on training material and methodology
- maintain employee training records
- handle logistics for training activities including venues and equipment
- establish and maintain relationships with external training suppliers
- coordinate off-site training activities for employees
- manage training budget
- manage and maintain in-house training facilities and equipment
- keep current on training design and methodology
Staffing Representative
Company Name
Employ-Temps Staffing Services
Dates Employed
Feb 2014   Oct 2014
Employment Duration
9 mos
In my role as a Staffing Representative, I recruit, screen and guide applicants in securing temporary and temp-to-hire placement.
Customer Service Representative
Company Name
FirstEnergy
Dates Employed
Apr 2013   Nov 2013
Employment Duration
8 mos
At FirstEnergy, I aided Ohio Edison energy consumers in catching up on their energy bills, describing their charges to them and explaining company policies and programs.
Office Manager
Company Name
Raydar, Inc.
Dates Employed
Jan 2012   Feb 2013
Employment Duration
1 yr 2 mos
As an Office Manager at Raydar, Inc, I performed accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, document control, benefits research and acquisition and miscellaneous office responsibilities as needed.
Front-End Supervisor
Company Name
Michaels Arts and Crafts
Dates Employed
2006   2007
Employment Duration
1 yr
Customer Service